COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------
Copyright (C)  Xilinx, Inc.  All rights reserved

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/data/libmetal.mld
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/data/libmetal.tcl
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_app.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_app.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_igmp_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_client.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftp_server.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpclient_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpclient_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpserver_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_tftpsever_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_web_utils.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_webserver.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_webserver.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_http_response.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/freertos_lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_i2c_access.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_igmp_app.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_igmp_app.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_igmp_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_iic_phyreset.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform_config.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform_mb.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform_zynq.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_platform_zynqmp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_sfp.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_si5324.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftp_client.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftp_server.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftpclient_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftpclient_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftpserver_common.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_tftpserver_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_web_utils.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_webserver.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_webserver.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_ws_http_response.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_ws_main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/examples/lwip_example_ws_platform_fs.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xadapter.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xaxiemacif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xemacliteif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xemacpsif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xlltemacif.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xpqueue.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/netif/xtopology.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xadapter.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_dma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_fifo.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_hw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_hw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemac_ieee_reg.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_physpeed.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/sys_arch_raw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/data/openamp.mld
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/data/openamp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/data/axipmon.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/data/axipmon.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/examples/xaxipmon_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/examples/xaxipmon_ocm_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/examples/xaxipmon_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/axipmon/src/xaxipmon_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/data/cpu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/data/cpu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/src/fsl.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/src/xio.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu/src/xio.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa72/data/cpu_cortexa72.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa72/data/cpu_cortexa72.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexa72/src/xcpu_cortexa72.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexr5/data/cpu_cortexr5.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexr5/data/cpu_cortexr5.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/cpu_cortexr5/src/xcpu_cortexr5.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/data/csudma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/data/csudma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/data/csudma_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/data/csudma_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/examples/xcsudma_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/examples/xcsudma_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/examples/xcsudma_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/csudma/src/xcsudma_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/data/emacps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/data/emacps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/data/emacps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/data/emacps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_example.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_example_intr_dma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_example_util.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_ieee1588.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_ieee1588.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/examples/xemacps_ieee1588_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_bd.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_bdring.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_bdring.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_control.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/emacps/src/xemacps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/generic/data/generic.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/generic/data/generic.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/data/gpiops.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/data/gpiops.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/examples/xgpiops_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/examples/xgpiops_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/gpiops/src/xgpiops_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/data/iicps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/data/iicps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/data/iicps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/data/iicps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_eeprom_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_eeprom_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_intr_master_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_intr_slave_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_polled_master_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_polled_slave_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_repeated_start_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/examples/xiicps_slave_monitor_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_master.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iicps/src/xiicps_slave.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule_intr_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/data/iomodule_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/examples/xiomodule_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/examples/xiomodule_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/examples/xiomodule_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/examples/xiomodule_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_extra.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_i.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_io.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_l.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_l.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_stats.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_uart.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/iomodule/src/xiomodule_uart_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/data/ipipsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/data/ipipsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/examples/xipipsu_self_test_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ipipsu/src/xipipsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/data/qspipsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/data/qspipsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_generic_flash_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_generic_flash_lqspi_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_generic_flash_polled_64bit_dma_r5_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_generic_flash_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_polldata_polltimeout_interrupt_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/examples/xqspipsu_write_protect_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/qspipsu/src/xqspipsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/data/scugic.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/data/scugic.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/data/scugic_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/data/scugic_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/examples/xscugic_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/examples/xscugic_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/examples/xscugic_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/scugic/src/xscugic_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/data/sdps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/data/sdps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/sdps/src/xsdps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/data/spips.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/data/spips.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/data/spips_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/data/spips_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_eeprom_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_eeprom_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_flash_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_flash_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/examples/xspips_slave_polled_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_hw.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/spips/src/xspips_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/data/ttcps.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/data/ttcps.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/data/ttcps_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/data/ttcps_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/examples/xttcps_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/examples/xttcps_low_level_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/examples/xttcps_rtc_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/examples/xttcps_tapp_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_options.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/ttcps/src/xttcps_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/data/usbpsu.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/data/usbpsu.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_dfu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_dfu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_storage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_ch9_storage.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_dfu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_dfu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_storage.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_class_storage.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_dfu_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/examples/xusb_intr_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusb_wrapper.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusb_wrapper.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_controltransfers.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_endpoint.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_endpoint.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_hibernation.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/usbpsu/src/xusbpsu_sinit.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/data/zdma.mdd
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/data/zdma.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/data/zdma_header.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/data/zdma_tapp.tcl
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_linear_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_linkedlist_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_readonlymode_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_selftest_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_simple_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/examples/xzdma_writeonlymode_example.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_g.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_hw.h
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_intr.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_selftest.c
XilinxProcessorIPLib/drivers/zdma/src/xzdma_sinit.c
lib/bsp/standalone/data/standalone.mld
lib/bsp/standalone/data/standalone.tcl
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/platform/Versal/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/platform/ZynqMP/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/usleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xpseudo_asm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xreg_cortexa53.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xtime_l.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/32bit/xtime_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/gcc/initialise_monitor_handles.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/platform/Versal/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/platform/ZynqMP/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_errata.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_smc.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xil_smc.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpseudo_asm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xreg_cortexa53.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xtime_l.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xtime_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/_exit.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/_open.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/_sbrk.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/abort.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/close.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/errno.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/fcntl.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/fstat.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/getpid.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/isatty.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/kill.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/lseek.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/open.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/read.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/sbrk.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/unlink.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/write.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/gcc/xpseudo_asm_gcc.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/abort.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/clock.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/close.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/exit.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/low_level_init.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/lseek.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/open.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/read.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/remove.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/write.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/xpseudo_asm_iccarm.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/iccarm/xpseudo_asm_iccarm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/vectors.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/vectors.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/xil_exception.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/xil_exception.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/xil_sleeptimer.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/xil_sleeptimer.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/armcc/xpseudo_asm_rvct.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/armcc/xpseudo_asm_rvct.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/smc.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/usleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_errata.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_misc_psreset_api.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xil_misc_psreset_api.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xl2cc.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xl2cc_counter.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xl2cc_counter.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xpm_counter.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xpm_counter.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xpseudo_asm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xreg_cortexa9.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xtime_l.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexa9/xtime_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/platform/Versal/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/platform/ZynqMP/xparameters_ps.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/usleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xpm_counter.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xpm_counter.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xpseudo_asm.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xreg_cortexr5.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xtime_l.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/cortexr5/xtime_l.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/sleep.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xbasic_types.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xenv.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xenv_standalone.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_assert.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_assert.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_cache_vxworks.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_hal.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_io.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_io.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_macroback.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_mem.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_mem.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_sleepcommon.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testcache.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testcache.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testio.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testio.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testmem.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_testmem.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xil_types.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xplatform_info.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xplatform_info.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/xstatus.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/_exit.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/mb_interface.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_exception_handler.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_exceptions_g.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_exceptions_i.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_interrupt_handler.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_interrupts_g.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_interrupts_i.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_sleep.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/microblaze_sleep.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/pvr.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/pvr.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_exception.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_exception.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_misc_psreset_api.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/microblaze/xil_misc_psreset_api.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/Makefile
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/_profile_clean.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/_profile_init.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/_profile_timer_hw.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/_profile_timer_hw.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/mblaze_nt_types.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/profile.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/profile_cg.c
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/profile_config.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/profile/profile_hist.c
lib/sw_services/xilffs/data/xilffs.mld
lib/sw_services/xilffs/data/xilffs.tcl
lib/sw_services/xilffs/examples/xilffs_polled_example.c
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/Makefile
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/diskio.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2015 - 2017, Xilinx Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file io.h @brief I/O access primitives
for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/io.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, ST Microelectronics. All rights reserved. SPDX-License-
Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file iar/compiler.h @brief IAR specific primitives
for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/compiler/iar/compiler.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/cache.h @brief FreeRTOS cache
operation primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2016 - 2017, Xilinx Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/irq.c @brief FreeRTOS
libmetal irq definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/irq.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Linaro nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file freertos/log.h @brief
FreeRTOS libmetal log handler definition. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/log.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/sleep.h @brief FreeRTOS sleep
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/sleep.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/template/sys.c @brief machine
specific system primitives implementation. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/template/sys.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/template/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/template/sys.h @brief freertos
template system primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/template/sys.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file freertos/zynq7/sys.c @brief machine
specific system primitives implementation. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/freertos/zynq7/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/cache.h @brief generic cache
operation primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2016 - 2017, Xilinx Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/irq.c @brief generic
libmetal irq definitions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/irq.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Linaro nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file generic/log.h @brief Generic
libmetal log handler definition. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/log.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/sleep.h @brief Generic sleep
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/sleep.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Inc. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/template/sys.h @brief generic
template system primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/template/sys.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file generic/zynq7/sys.c @brief machine
specific system primitives implementation. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/generic/zynq7/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file linux/cache.h @brief Linux cache
operation primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/linux/cache.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Linaro nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file linux/log.h @brief Linux
libmetal log handler definition. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/linux/log.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2018, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved. SPDX-
License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause / @file linux/sleep.h @brief linux sleep
primitives for libmetal. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/lib/system/linux/sleep.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / Template file used to ensure that
each <metal/...> header can be included without independently without prior
inclusion of dependencies. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/metal-header-template.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/metal-test.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/alloc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/atomic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/irq.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/mutex.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/sleep.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/freertos/threads.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/alloc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/atomic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/irq.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/mutex.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/alloc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/atomic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/condition.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/irq.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/mutex.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/shmem.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/spinlock.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/threads.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/linux/zynq/device.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/alloc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/atomic.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/irq.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/main.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/mutex.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/version.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Xilinx nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file metal-test.h @brief Top level
include internal to libmetal tests. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/metal-test.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor
the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/microblaze_generic/helper.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/microblaze_generic/platform.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/microblaze_generic/platform.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/zynq7/helper.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/zynqmp_a53/helper.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/generic/zynqmp_r5/helper.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2017, Linaro Limited. and Contributors. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Linaro nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. / @file system/zephyr/metal-test-internal.h @brief Zephyr
include internal to libmetal tests. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/libmetal/src/libmetal/test/system/zephyr/metal-test-internal.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/lwipopts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> / All rights reserved. Xilinx, Inc. XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS
DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS IS" AS A COURTESY TO YOU. BY PROVIDING THIS
DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS ONE POSSIBLE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE,
APPLICATION OR STANDARD, XILINX IS MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS
IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION. XILINX
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE ADEQUACY OF THE
IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/cc.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/cpu.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/perf.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/include/arch/sys_arch.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> / All rights reserved. Xilinx, Inc. XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS
DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS IS" AS A COURTESY TO YOU. BY PROVIDING THIS
DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS ONE POSSIBLE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE,
APPLICATION OR STANDARD, XILINX IS MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS
IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION. XILINX
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE ADEQUACY OF THE
IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacliteif.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2007-2008, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of
source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and
the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither
the name of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. nor the names of its contributors may
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. / Some portions copyright (c) 2010-2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights
reserved. Xilinx, Inc. XILINX IS PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION "AS
IS" AS A COURTESY TO YOU. BY PROVIDING THIS DESIGN, CODE, OR INFORMATION AS ONE
POSSIBLE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS FEATURE, APPLICATION OR STANDARD, XILINX IS
MAKING NO REPRESENTATION THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM ANY CLAIMS OF
INFRINGEMENT, AND YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR OBTAINING ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY REQUIRE
FOR YOUR IMPLEMENTATION. XILINX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER WITH
RESPECT TO THE ADEQUACY OF THE IMPLEMENTATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT THIS IMPLEMENTATION IS FREE FROM CLAIMS OF
INFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xaxiemacif_physpeed.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sequential API Internal module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/api_msg.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Error Management module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/err.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sequential API Main thread module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/tcpip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Modules initialization / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/init.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Statistics module / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/stats.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------




COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol, incoming traffic The input processing
functions of the TCP layer. These functions are generally called in the order
(ip_input() ->) tcp_input() -> tcp_process() -> tcp_receive() (-> application).
/ Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/tcp_in.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol, outgoing traffic The output functions of
TCP. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/tcp_out.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Stack-internal timers implementation. This file includes timer callbacks
for stack-internal timers as well as functions to set up or stop timers and
check for expired timers. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/timeouts.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------




COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ICMP - Internet Control Message Protocol / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / Some ICMP
messages should be passed to the transport protocols. This is not implemented. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/icmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This is the IPv4 layer implementation for incoming and outgoing IP
traffic. @see ip_frag.c / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/ip4.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This is the IPv4 address tools implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/ip4_addr.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This is the IPv4 packet segmentation and reassembly implementation. /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Jani Monoses
<jani@iv.ro> Simon Goldschmidt original reassembly code by Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/ip4_frag.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp_opts.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppapi.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------







COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. / This is the
interface to the platform specific serial IO module It needs to be implemented
by those platforms which need SLIP or PPP /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/sio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Address Resolution Protocol module for IP over Ethernet Functionally, ARP
is divided into two parts. The first maps an IP address to a physical address
when sending a packet, and the second part answers requests from other machines
for our physical address. This implementation complies with RFC 826 (Ethernet
ARP). It supports Gratuitious ARP from RFC3220 (IP Mobility Support for IPv4)
section 4.6 if an interface calls etharp_gratuitous(our_netif) upon address
change. / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright
(c) 2003-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/etharp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------




COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet Interface Skeleton / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / This file is a skeleton for
developing Ethernet network interface drivers for lwIP. Add code to the
low_level functions and do a search-and-replace for the word "ethernetif" to
replace it with something that better describes your network interface. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ethernetif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

sys_arch.c provide sys_arch functionality as required for lwIP most of this
functionality is obtained from xilkernel this file acts as a wrapper around the
xilkernel functions / All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL XILINX BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of
the Xilinx shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale,
use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from
Xilinx

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/sys_arch.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

All rights reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE XILINX BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of the Xilinx shall
not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from Xilinx

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_dma.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_hw.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xemacpsif_hw.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/contrib/ports/xilinx/netif/xpqueue.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> COREFILES, CORE4FILES: The minimum set of files needed for lwIP.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/Filelists.mk
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sequential API External module @defgroup netconn Netconn API @ingroup
sequential_api Thread-safe, to be called from non-TCPIP threads only. TX/RX
handling based on @ref netbuf (containing @ref pbuf) to avoid copying data
around. @defgroup netconn_common Common functions @ingroup netconn For use with
TCP and UDP @defgroup netconn_tcp TCP only @ingroup netconn TCP only functions
@defgroup netconn_udp UDP only @ingroup netconn UDP only functions / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/ This is the part of the API that is linked with the application /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/api_lib.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network buffer management @defgroup netbuf Network buffers @ingroup
netconn Network buffer descriptor for @ref netconn. Based on @ref pbuf
internally to avoid copying data around.\n Buffers must not be shared accross
multiple threads, all functions except netbuf_new() and netbuf_delete() are not
thread-safe. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/netbuf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file API functions for name resolving @defgroup netdbapi NETDB API @ingroup
socket / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon
Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/netdb.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Interface Sequential API module @defgroup netifapi NETIF API
@ingroup sequential_api Thread-safe functions to be called from non-TCPIP
threads @defgroup netifapi_netif NETIF related @ingroup netifapi To be called
from non-TCPIP threads / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with
or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions
in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/netifapi.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Sockets BSD-Like API module @defgroup socket Socket API @ingroup
sequential_api BSD-style socket API.\n Thread-safe, to be called from non-TCPIP
threads only.\n Can be activated by defining @ref LWIP_SOCKET to 1.\n Header is
in posix/sys/socket.h\b / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Improved by Marc Boucher
<marc@mbsi.ca> and David Haas <dhaas@alum.rpi.edu> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/api/sockets.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/httpd/fs.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/httpd/fsdata.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/fs.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  [EPL-1.0] [Google] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file LWIP HTTP server implementation / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt
/ @defgroup httpd HTTP server @ingroup apps This httpd supports for a
rudimentary server-side-include facility which will replace tags of the form <!
--tag in any file whose extension is .shtml, .shtm or .ssi with strings provided
by an include handler whose pointer is provided to the module via function
http_set_ssi_handler(). Additionally, a simple common gateway interface (CGI)
handling mechanism has been added to allow clients to hook functions to
particular request URIs. To enable SSI support, define label LWIP_HTTPD_SSI in
lwipopts.h. To enable CGI support, define label LWIP_HTTPD_CGI in lwipopts.h. By
default, the server assumes that HTTP headers are already present in each file
stored in the file system. By defining LWIP_HTTPD_DYNAMIC_HEADERS in lwipopts.h,
this behavior can be changed such that the server inserts the headers
automatically based on the extension of the file being served. If this mode is
used, be careful to ensure that the file system image used does not already
contain the header information. File system images without headers can be
created using the makefsfile tool with the -h command line option. Notes about
valid SSI tags The following assumptions are made about tags used in SSI
markers: 1. No tag may contain '-' or whitespace characters within the tag name.
2. Whitespace is allowed between the tag leadin "<!--" and the start of the tag
name and between the tag name and the leadout string "". 3. The maximum tag name
length is LWIP_HTTPD_MAX_TAG_NAME_LEN, currently 8 characters. Notes on CGI
usage The simple CGI support offered here works with GET method requests only
and can handle up to 16 parameters encoded into the URI. The handler function
may not write directly to the HTTP output but must return a filename that the
HTTP server will send to the browser as a response to the incoming CGI request.
The list of supported file types is quite short, so if makefsdata complains
about an unknown extension, make sure to add it (and its doctype) to the
'g_psHTTPHeaders' list. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/httpd/httpd.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP iPerf server implementation / @defgroup iperf Iperf server @ingroup
apps This is a simple performance measuring server to check your bandwith using
iPerf2 on a PC as client. It is currently a minimal implementation providing an
IPv4 TCP server only. @todo: implement UDP mode and IPv6 / Copyright (c) 2014
Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/lwiperf/lwiperf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  [EPL-1.0] [Google] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MDNS responder implementation @defgroup mdns MDNS @ingroup apps RFC 6762 -
Multicast DNS\n RFC 6763 - DNS-Based Service Discovery\n @verbinclude mdns.txt
Things left to implement: - Probing/conflict resolution - Sending goodbye
messages (zero ttl) - shutdown, DHCP lease about to expire, DHCP turned off... -
Checking that source address of unicast requests are on the same network -
Limiting multicast responses to 1 per second per resource record - Fragmenting
replies if required - Subscribe to netif address/link change events and act on
them (currently needs to be done manually) - Handling multi-packet known answers
- Individual known answer detection for all local IPv6 addresses - Dynamic size
of outgoing packet / Copyright (c) 2015 Verisure Innovation AB All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Erik Ekman
<erik@kryo.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/mdns/mdns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MQTT client @defgroup mqtt MQTT client @ingroup apps @verbinclude
mqtt_client.txt / Copyright (c) 2016 Erik Andersson <erian747@gmail.com> All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack Author: Erik Andersson <erian747@gmail.com> @todo: - Handle large outgoing
payloads for PUBLISH messages - Fix restriction of a single topic in each
(UN)SUBSCRIBE message (protocol has support for multiple topics) - Add support
for legacy MQTT protocol version Please coordinate changes and requests with
Erik Andersson Erik Andersson <erian747@gmail.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/mqtt/mqtt.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file NetBIOS name service responder / @defgroup netbiosns NETBIOS responder
@ingroup apps This is an example implementation of a NetBIOS name server. It
responds to name queries for a configurable name. Name resolving is not
supported. Note that the device doesn't broadcast it's own name so can't detect
duplicate names! / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/netbiosns/netbiosns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Abstract Syntax Notation One (ISO 8824, 8825) encoding @todo not optimised
(yet), favor correctness over speed, favor speed over size / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_asn1.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Abstract Syntax Notation One (ISO 8824, 8825) codec. / Copyright (c) 2006
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. Copyright (c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> Elias Oenal
<lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_asn1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  [EPL-1.0] [Google] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MIB tree access/construction functions. / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> @defgroup
snmp SNMPv2c agent @ingroup apps SNMPv2c compatible agent\n There is also a MIB
compiler and a MIB viewer in lwIP contrib repository (lwip-
contrib/apps/LwipMibCompiler).\n The agent implements the most important MIB2
MIBs including IPv6 support (interfaces, UDP, TCP, SNMP, ICMP, SYSTEM). IP MIB
is an older version whithout IPv6 statistics (TODO).\n Rewritten by Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> and Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de>\n Work on
SNMPv3 has started, but is not finished.\n 0 Agent Capabilities Features: -
SNMPv2c support. - Low RAM usage - no memory pools, stack only. - MIB2
implementation is separated from SNMP stack. - Support for multiple MIBs
(snmp_set_mibs() call) - e.g. for private MIB. - Simple and generic API for MIB
implementation. - Comfortable node types and helper functions for scalar arrays
and tables. - Counter64, bit and truthvalue datatype support. - Callbacks for
SNMP writes e.g. to implement persistency. - Runs on two APIs: RAW and netconn.
- Async API is gone - the stack now supports netconn API instead, so blocking
operations can be done in MIB calls. SNMP runs in a worker thread when netconn
API is used. - Simplified thread sync support for MIBs - useful when MIBs need
to access variables shared with other threads where no locking is possible. Used
in MIB2 to access lwIP stats from lwIP thread. MIB compiler (code generator): -
Provided in lwIP contrib repository. - Written in C. MIB viewer used Windows
Forms. - Developed on Windows with Visual Studio 2010. - Can be compiled and
used on all platforms with http://www.monodevelop.com/. - Based on a heavily
modified version of of SharpSnmpLib (a4bd05c6afb4) (https://sharpsnmplib.codeple
x.com/SourceControl/network/forks/Nemo157/MIBParserUpdate). - MIB parser, C file
generation framework and LWIP code generation are cleanly separated, which means
the code may be useful as a base for code generation of other SNMP agents.
Notes: - Stack and MIB compiler were used to implement a Profinet device.
Compiled/implemented MIBs: LLDP-MIB, LLDP-EXT-DOT3-MIB, LLDP-EXT-PNO-MIB. SNMPv1
per RFC1157 and SNMPv2c per RFC 3416 Note the S in SNMP stands for "Simple".
Note that "Simple" is relative. SNMP is simple compared to the complex ISO
network management protocols CMIP (Common Management Information Protocol) and
CMOT (CMip Over Tcp). MIB II The standard lwIP stack management information
base. This is a required MIB, so this is always enabled. The groups EGP, CMOT
and transmission are disabled by default. Most mib-2 objects are not writable
except: sysName, sysLocation, sysContact, snmpEnableAuthenTraps. Writing to or
changing the ARP and IP address and route tables is not possible. Note lwIP has
a very limited notion of IP routing. It currently doen't have a route table and
doesn't have a notion of the U,G,H flags. Instead lwIP uses the interface list
with only one default interface acting as a single gateway interface (G) for the
default route. The agent returns a "virtual table" with the default route
0.0.0.0 for the default interface and network routes (no H) for each network
interface in the netif_list. All routes are considered to be up (U). Loading
additional MIBs MIBs can only be added in compile-time, not in run-time. 1
Building the Agent First of all you'll need to add the following define to your
local lwipopts.h: \define LWIP_SNMP 1 and add the source files your makefile.
Note you'll might need to adapt you network driver to update the mib2 variables
for your interface. 2 Running the Agent The following function calls must be
made in your program to actually get the SNMP agent running. Before starting the
agent you should supply pointers for sysContact, sysLocation, and
snmpEnableAuthenTraps. You can do this by calling - snmp_mib2_set_syscontact() -
snmp_mib2_set_syslocation() - snmp_set_auth_traps_enabled() You can register a
callback which is called on successful write access: snmp_set_write_callback().
Additionally you may want to set - snmp_mib2_set_sysdescr() -
snmp_set_device_enterprise_oid() - snmp_mib2_set_sysname() Also before starting
the agent you need to setup one or more trap destinations using these calls: -
snmp_trap_dst_enable() - snmp_trap_dst_ip_set() If you need more than MIB2, set
the MIBs you want to use by snmp_set_mibs(). Finally, enable the agent by
calling snmp_init() @defgroup snmp_core Core @ingroup snmp @defgroup snmp_traps
Traps @ingroup snmp /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_core.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_core_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> / @defgroup snmp_mib2 MIB2 @ingroup snmp /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) ICMP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_icmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) INTERFACES objects and functions.
/ Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_interfaces.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) IP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_ip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) SNMP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_snmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) SYSTEM objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_system.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) TCP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_tcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Management Information Base II (RFC1213) UDP objects and functions. /
Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_mib2_udp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP message processing (RFC1157). / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. Copyright (c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> Elias Oenal <lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_msg.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP Agent message handling structures (internal API, do not use in client
code). / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. Copyright
(c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan Simons
<christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> Elias Oenal
<lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_msg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP netconn frontend. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_netconn.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP pbuf stream wrapper implementation (internal API, do not use in
client code). / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_pbuf_stream.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP pbuf stream wrapper (internal API, do not use in client code). /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin
Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_pbuf_stream.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP RAW API frontend. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_raw.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP scalar node support implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_scalar.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP table support implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_table.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP thread synchronization implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dirk
Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_threadsync.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMPv1 traps implementation. / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Martin Hentschel Christiaan Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmp_traps.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Additional SNMPv3 functionality RFC3414 and RFC3826. / Copyright (c) 2016
Elias Oenal. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Elias Oenal
<lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmpv3.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dummy SNMPv3 functions. / Copyright (c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Elias Oenal <lwip@eliasoenal.com> Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dirk@ziegelmeier.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3_dummy.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMPv3 crypto/auth functions implemented for ARM mbedtls. / Copyright (c)
2016 Elias Oenal and Dirk Ziegelmeier. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Elias Oenal
<lwip@eliasoenal.com> Dirk Ziegelmeier <dirk@ziegelmeier.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3_mbedtls.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Additional SNMPv3 functionality RFC3414 and RFC3826 (internal API, do not
use in client code). / Copyright (c) 2016 Elias Oenal. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Author: Elias Oenal <lwip@eliasoenal.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/snmp/snmpv3_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNTP client module / Copyright (c) 2007-2009 Frédéric Bernon, Simon
Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Frédéric Bernon, Simon Goldschmidt / @defgroup sntp SNTP
@ingroup apps This is simple "SNTP" client for the lwIP raw API. It is a minimal
implementation of SNTPv4 as specified in RFC 4330. For a list of some public NTP
servers, see this link : http://support.ntp.org/bin/view/Servers/NTPPoolServers
@todo: - set/change servers at runtime - complete SNTP_CHECK_RESPONSE checks 3
and 4 /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/sntp/sntp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file tftp_server.c @author Logan Gunthorpe <logang@deltatee.com> Dirk
Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> @brief Trivial File Transfer Protocol (RFC 1350)
Copyright (c) Deltatee Enterprises Ltd. 2013 All rights reserved. /
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification,are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Logan Gunthorpe <logang@deltatee.com> Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> / @defgroup tftp TFTP server @ingroup apps This is simple TFTP
server for the lwIP raw API. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/apps/tftp/tftp_server.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Common functions used throughout the stack. These are reference
implementations of the byte swapping functions. Again with the aim of being
simple, correct and fully portable. Byte swapping is the second thing you would
want to optimize. You will need to port it to your architecture and in your
cc.h: \define lwip_htons(x) your_htons \define lwip_htonl(x) your_htonl Note
lwip_ntohs() and lwip_ntohl() are merely references to the htonx counterparts.
If you \define them to htons() and htonl(), you should \define
LWIP_DONT_PROVIDE_BYTEORDER_FUNCTIONS to prevent lwIP from defining htonx/ntohx
compatibility macros. @defgroup sys_nonstandard Non-standard functions @ingroup
sys_layer lwIP provides default implementations for non-standard functions.
These can be mapped to OS functions to reduce code footprint if desired. All
defines related to this section must not be placed in lwipopts.h, but in
arch/cc.h! These options cannot be \defined in lwipopts.h since they are not
options of lwIP itself, but options of the lwIP port to your system. / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/def.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DNS - host name to IP address resolver. @defgroup dns DNS @ingroup
callbackstyle_api Implements a DNS host name to IP address resolver. The lwIP
DNS resolver functions are used to lookup a host name and map it to a numerical
IP address. It maintains a list of resolved hostnames that can be queried with
the dns_lookup() function. New hostnames can be resolved using the dns_query()
function. The lwIP version of the resolver also adds a non-blocking version of
gethostbyname() that will work with a raw API application. This function checks
for an IP address string first and converts it if it is valid. gethostbyname()
then does a dns_lookup() to see if the name is already in the table. If so, the
IP is returned. If not, a query is issued and the function returns with a
ERR_INPROGRESS status. The app using the dns client must then go into a waiting
state. Once a hostname has been resolved (or found to be non-existent), the
resolver code calls a specified callback function (which must be implemented by
the module that uses the resolver). Multicast DNS queries are supported for
names ending on ".local". However, only "One-Shot Multicast DNS Queries" are
supported (RFC 6762 chapter 5.1), this is not a fully compliant implementation
of continuous mDNS querying! All functions must be called from TCPIP thread.
@see @ref netconn_common for thread-safe access. / Port to lwIP from uIP by Jim
Pettinato April 2007 security fixes and more by Simon Goldschmidt uIP version
Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / RFC 1035 - Domain
names - implementation and specification RFC 2181 - Clarifications to the DNS
Specification
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
@todo: define good default values (rfc compliance) / @todo: improve answer
parsing, more checkings... / @todo: check RFC1035 - 7.3. Processing responses /
@todo: one-shot mDNS: dual-stack fallback to another IP version / Includes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/dns.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Incluse internet checksum functions.\n These are some reference
implementations of the checksum algorithm, with the aim of being simple, correct
and fully portable. Checksumming is the first thing you would want to optimize
for your platform. If you create your own version, link it in and in your cc.h
put: \define LWIP_CHKSUM your_checksum_routine Or you can select from the
implementations below by defining LWIP_CHKSUM_ALGORITHM to 1, 2 or 3. /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/inet_chksum.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Common IPv4 and IPv6 code @defgroup ip IP @ingroup callbackstyle_api
@defgroup ip4 IPv4 @ingroup ip @defgroup ip6 IPv6 @ingroup ip @defgroup ipaddr
IP address handling @ingroup infrastructure @defgroup ip4addr IPv4 only @ingroup
ipaddr @defgroup ip6addr IPv6 only @ingroup ipaddr / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  [EPL-1.0] [Google] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic memory manager This is a lightweight replacement for the standard
C library malloc(). If you want to use the standard C library malloc() instead,
define MEM_LIBC_MALLOC to 1 in your lwipopts.h To let mem_malloc() use pools
(prevents fragmentation and is much faster than a heap but might waste some
memory), define MEM_USE_POOLS to 1, define MEMP_USE_CUSTOM_POOLS to 1 and create
a file "lwippools.h" that includes a list of pools like this (more pools can be
added between _START and _END): Define three pools with sizes 256, 512, and 1512
bytes LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL_START LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(20, 256)
LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(10, 512) LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL(5, 1512)
LWIP_MALLOC_MEMPOOL_END / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/mem.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic pool memory manager lwIP has dedicated pools for many structures
(netconn, protocol control blocks, packet buffers, ...). All these pools are
managed here. @defgroup mempool Memory pools @ingroup infrastructure Custom
memory pools / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/memp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP network interface abstraction @defgroup netif Network interface
(NETIF) @ingroup callbackstyle_api @defgroup netif_ip4 IPv4 address handling
@ingroup netif @defgroup netif_ip6 IPv6 address handling @ingroup netif
@defgroup netif_cd Client data handling Store data (void) on a netif for
application usage. @see @ref LWIP_NUM_NETIF_CLIENT_DATA @ingroup netif /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/netif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Packet buffer management / @defgroup pbuf Packet buffers (PBUF) @ingroup
infrastructure Packets are built from the pbuf data structure. It supports
dynamic memory allocation for packet contents or can reference externally
managed packet contents both in RAM and ROM. Quick allocation for incoming
packets is provided through pools with fixed sized pbufs. A packet may span over
multiple pbufs, chained as a singly linked list. This is called a "pbuf chain".
Multiple packets may be queued, also using this singly linked list. This is
called a "packet queue". So, a packet queue consists of one or more pbuf chains,
each of which consist of one or more pbufs. CURRENTLY, PACKET QUEUES ARE NOT
SUPPORTED!!! Use helper structs to queue multiple packets. The differences
between a pbuf chain and a packet queue are very precise but subtle. The last
pbuf of a packet has a ->tot_len field that equals the ->len field. It can be
found by traversing the list. If the last pbuf of a packet has a ->next field
other than NULL, more packets are on the queue. Therefore, looping through a
pbuf of a single packet, has an loop end condition (tot_len p->len), NOT (next
NULL). Example of custom pbuf usage for zero-copy RX: @code{.c} typedef struct
my_custom_pbuf { struct pbuf_custom p; void dma_descriptor; } my_custom_pbuf_t;
LWIP_MEMPOOL_DECLARE(RX_POOL, 10, sizeof(my_custom_pbuf_t), "Zero-copy RX PBUF
pool"); void my_pbuf_free_custom(void p) { my_custom_pbuf_t my_puf
(my_custom_pbuf_t)p; LOCK_INTERRUPTS();
free_rx_dma_descriptor(my_pbuf->dma_descriptor); LWIP_MEMPOOL_FREE(RX_POOL,
my_pbuf); UNLOCK_INTERRUPTS(); } void eth_rx_irq() { dma_descriptor dma_desc
get_RX_DMA_descriptor_from_ethernet(); my_custom_pbuf_t my_pbuf
(my_custom_pbuf_t)LWIP_MEMPOOL_ALLOC(RX_POOL); my_pbuf->p.custom_free_function
my_pbuf_free_custom; my_pbuf->dma_descriptor dma_desc;
invalidate_cpu_cache(dma_desc->rx_data, dma_desc->rx_length); struct pbuf p
pbuf_alloced_custom(PBUF_RAW, dma_desc->rx_length, PBUF_REF, &my_pbuf->p,
dma_desc->rx_data, dma_desc->max_buffer_size); if(netif->input(p, netif) !
ERR_OK) { pbuf_free(p); } } @endcode / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/pbuf.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Implementation of raw protocol PCBs for low-level handling of different
types of protocols besides (or overriding) those already available in lwIP.\n
See also @ref raw_raw @defgroup raw_raw RAW @ingroup callbackstyle_api
Implementation of raw protocol PCBs for low-level handling of different types of
protocols besides (or overriding) those already available in lwIP.\n @see @ref
raw_api / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/raw.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Operating System abstraction / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / @defgroup
sys_layer Porting (system abstraction layer) @ingroup lwip @verbinclude
"sys_arch.txt" @defgroup sys_os OS abstraction layer @ingroup sys_layer No need
to implement functions in this section in NO_SYS mode. @defgroup sys_sem
Semaphores @ingroup sys_os @defgroup sys_mutex Mutexes @ingroup sys_os Mutexes
are recommended to correctly handle priority inversion, especially if you use
LWIP_CORE_LOCKING . @defgroup sys_mbox Mailboxes @ingroup sys_os @defgroup
sys_time Time @ingroup sys_layer @defgroup sys_prot Critical sections @ingroup
sys_layer Used to protect short regions of code against concurrent access. -
Your system is a bare-metal system (probably with an RTOS) and interrupts are
under your control: Implement this as LockInterrupts() / UnlockInterrupts() -
Your system uses an RTOS with deferred interrupt handling from a worker thread:
Implement as a global mutex or lock/unlock scheduler - Your system uses a high-
level OS with e.g. POSIX signals: Implement as a global mutex @defgroup sys_misc
Misc @ingroup sys_os /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/sys.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Transmission Control Protocol for IP See also @ref tcp_raw @defgroup
tcp_raw TCP @ingroup callbackstyle_api Transmission Control Protocol for IP\n
@see @ref raw_api and @ref netconn Common functions for the TCP implementation,
such as functinos for manipulating the data structures and the TCP timer
functions. TCP functions related to input and output is found in tcp_in.c and
tcp_out.c respectively.\n / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/tcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file User Datagram Protocol module\n The code for the User Datagram Protocol
UDP & UDPLite (RFC 3828).\n See also @ref udp_raw @defgroup udp_raw UDP @ingroup
callbackstyle_api User Datagram Protocol module\n @see @ref raw_api and @ref
netconn / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / @todo Check the use of '(struct
udp_pcb).chksum_len_rx'! /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/udp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file AutoIP Automatic LinkLocal IP Configuration This is a AutoIP
implementation for the lwIP TCP/IP stack. It aims to conform with RFC 3927.
@defgroup autoip AUTOIP @ingroup ip4 AUTOIP related functions USAGE: define @ref
LWIP_AUTOIP 1 in your lwipopts.h Options: AUTOIP_TMR_INTERVAL msecs, I recommend
a value of 100. The value must divide 1000 with a remainder almost 0. Possible
values are 1000, 500, 333, 250, 200, 166, 142, 125, 111, 100 .... Without DHCP:
- Call autoip_start() after netif_add(). With DHCP: - define @ref
LWIP_DHCP_AUTOIP_COOP 1 in your lwipopts.h. - Configure your DHCP Client. @see
netifapi_autoip / Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik Spies <kontakt@dspies.de> All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/autoip.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol client @defgroup dhcp4 DHCPv4 @ingroup
ip4 DHCP (IPv4) related functions This is a DHCP client for the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. It aims to conform with RFC 2131 and RFC 2132. @todo: - Support for
interfaces other than Ethernet (SLIP, PPP, ...) Options: @ref
DHCP_COARSE_TIMER_SECS (recommended 60 which is a minute) @ref
DHCP_FINE_TIMER_MSECS (recommended 500 which equals TCP coarse timer)
dhcp_start() starts a DHCP client instance which configures the interface by
obtaining an IP address lease and maintaining it. Use dhcp_release() to end the
lease and use dhcp_stop() to remove the DHCP client. @see netifapi_dhcp4 /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The Swedish Institute of Computer
Science and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted permission to redistribute
this source code. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/dhcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IGMP - Internet Group Management Protocol @defgroup igmp IGMP @ingroup ip4
To be called from TCPIP thread / Copyright (c) 2002 CITEL Technologies Ltd. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of CITEL Technologies Ltd
nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CITEL TECHNOLOGIES AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CITEL TECHNOLOGIES OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is a
contribution to the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The Swedish Institute of Computer Science
and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted permission to redistribute this source
code. Note 1) Although the rfc requires V1 AND V2 capability we will only
support v2 since now V1 is very old (August 1989) V1 can be added if required a
debug print and statistic have been implemented to show this up. Note 2) A query
for a specific group address (as opposed to ALLHOSTS) has now been implemented
as I am unsure if it is required a debug print and statistic have been
implemented to show this up. Note 3) The router alert rfc 2113 is implemented in
outgoing packets but not checked rigorously incoming Steve Reynolds RFC 988 -
Host extensions for IP multicasting - V0 RFC 1054 - Host extensions for IP
multicasting RFC 1112 - Host extensions for IP multicasting - V1 RFC 2236 -
Internet Group Management Protocol, Version 2 - V2 <- this code is based on this
RFC (it's the "de facto" standard) RFC 3376 - Internet Group Management
Protocol, Version 3 - V3 RFC 4604 - Using Internet Group Management Protocol
Version 3... - V3+ RFC 2113 - IP Router Alert Option
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Includes
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv4/igmp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DHCPv6. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/dhcp6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet output for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer addressing. /
Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please
coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/ethip6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ethip6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 version of ICMP, as per RFC 4443. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico
Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/icmp6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/icmp6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file INET v6 addresses. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/inet6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 layer. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/ip6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 addresses. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Functions for handling IPv6 addresses. Please coordinate
changes and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/ip6_addr.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 fragmentation and reassembly. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies
Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/ip6_frag.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip6_frag.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Multicast listener discovery @defgroup mld6 MLD6 @ingroup ip6 Multicast
listener discovery for IPv6. Aims to be compliant with RFC 2710. No support for
MLDv2.\n To be called from TCPIP thread / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies
Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> / Based on igmp.c
implementation of igmp v2 protocol /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/mld6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Neighbor discovery and stateless address autoconfiguration for IPv6. Aims
to be compliant with RFC 4861 (Neighbor discovery) and RFC 4862 (Address
autoconfiguration). / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/core/ipv6/nd6.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/nd6.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/nd6_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netconn API (to be used from non-TCPIP threads) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/api.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Support for different processor and compiler architectures / Copyright (c)
2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/arch.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file AutoIP Automatic LinkLocal IP Configuration / Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik
Spies <kontakt@dspies.de> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> This is a AutoIP implementation for the lwIP TCP/IP stack.
It aims to conform with RFC 3927. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/autoip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Debug messages infrastructure / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/debug.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file various utility macros / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/def.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DHCP client API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg
<leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The
Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/dhcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 address autoconfiguration as per RFC 4862. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico
Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> IPv6 address
autoconfiguration as per RFC 4862. Please coordinate changes and requests with
Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/dhcp6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DNS API / lwip DNS resolver header file. Author: Jim Pettinato April 2007
ported from uIP resolv.c Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/dns.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Error codes / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/err.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Posix Errno defines / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/errno.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet output function - handles OUTGOING ethernet level traffic,
implements ARP resolving. To be used in most low-level netif implementations /
Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. Copyright (c)
2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright (c) 2003-2004
Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/etharp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ICMP API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/icmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IGMP API / Copyright (c) 2002 CITEL Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of CITEL Technologies Ltd nor the names of its contributors may
be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CITEL
TECHNOLOGIES AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CITEL
TECHNOLOGIES OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is a contribution to the lwIP TCP/IP stack. The
Swedish Institute of Computer Science and Adam Dunkels are specifically granted
permission to redistribute this source code.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/igmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file (together with sockets.h) aims to provide structs and functions
from - arpa/inet.h - netinet/in.h / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/inet.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP checksum calculation functions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/inet_chksum.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP initialization API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/init.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv4 API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip4.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv4 address API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip4_addr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP fragmentation/reassembly / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Jani Monoses <jani@iv.ro> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip4_frag.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 addresses. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Structs and macros for handling IPv6 addresses. Please
coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip6_addr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP address API (common IPv4 and IPv6) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/ip_addr.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Heap API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/mem.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Memory pool API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/memp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Multicast listener discovery for IPv6. Aims to be compliant with RFC 2710.
No support for MLDv2. / Copyright (c) 2010 Inico Technologies Ltd. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes and requests with Ivan Delamer
<delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/mld6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netbuf API (for netconn API) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/netbuf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file NETDB API (sockets) / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/netdb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netif API (to be used from TCPIP thread) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/netif.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netif API (to be used from non-TCPIP threads) / Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/netifapi.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP Options Configuration / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> / NOTE: || defined __DOXYGEN__ is a
workaround for doxygen bug without this, doxygen does not see the actual define
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/opt.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file pbuf API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/pbuf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file raw API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n See also @ref raw_raw / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/raw.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP support API for implementing netifs and statitics for MIB2 /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Dirk
Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/snmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Socket API (to be used from non-TCPIP threads) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/sockets.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Statistics API (to be used from TCPIP thread) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/stats.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file OS abstraction layer / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/sys.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file TCP API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n See also @ref tcp_raw / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/tcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Functions to sync with TCPIP thread / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/tcpip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Timer implementations / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/timeouts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file UDP API (to be used from TCPIP thread)\n See also @ref udp_raw / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/udp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file HTTP server / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> This version of the file has been
modified by Texas Instruments to offer simple server-side-include (SSI) and
Common Gateway Interface (CGI) capability. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/httpd.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file HTTP server options list / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> This version of the file has been
modified by Texas Instruments to offer simple server-side-include (SSI) and
Common Gateway Interface (CGI) capability. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/httpd_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file lwIP iPerf server implementation / Copyright (c) 2014 Simon Goldschmidt
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/lwiperf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MQTT client / Copyright (c) 2016 Erik Andersson All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Erik Andersson /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/mqtt.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MQTT client options / Copyright (c) 2016 Erik Andersson All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Erik
Andersson /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/mqtt_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file NETBIOS name service responder / Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/netbiosns.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file NETBIOS name service responder options / Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/netbiosns_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server main API - start and basic configuration / Copyright (c) 2001,
2002 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright (c) 2001, 2002 Axon
Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv>
Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP core API for implementing MIBs / Copyright (c) 2006 Axon Digital
Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Christiaan
Simons <christiaan.simons@axon.tv> Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_core.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP MIB2 API / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier <dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_mib2.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server options list / Copyright (c) 2015 Dirk Ziegelmeier All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Dirk
Ziegelmeier /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server MIB API to implement scalar nodes / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_scalar.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server MIB API to implement table nodes / Copyright (c) 2001-2004
Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Martin Hentschel <info@cl-soft.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_table.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNMP server MIB API to implement thread synchronization / Copyright (c)
2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Dirk Ziegelmeier
<dziegel@gmx.de> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/snmp_threadsync.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNTP client API / Copyright (c) 2007-2009 Frédéric Bernon, Simon
Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Frédéric Bernon, Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/sntp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SNTP client options list / Copyright (c) 2007-2009 Frédéric Bernon,
Simon Goldschmidt All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Frédéric Bernon, Simon Goldschmidt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/sntp_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file tftp_opts.h @author Logan Gunthorpe <logang@deltatee.com> @brief Trivial
File Transfer Protocol (RFC 1350) implementation options Copyright (c) Deltatee
Enterprises Ltd. 2013 All rights reserved. / Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification,are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Logan Gunthorpe
<logang@deltatee.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/tftp_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file tftp_server.h @author Logan Gunthorpe <logang@deltatee.com> @brief Trivial
File Transfer Protocol (RFC 1350) Copyright (c) Deltatee Enterprises Ltd. 2013
All rights reserved. / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with
or without modification,are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Logan Gunthorpe
<logang@deltatee.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/apps/tftp_server.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file netconn API lwIP internal implementations (do not use in application code)
/ Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/api_msg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file memory pools lwIP internal implementations (do not use in application
code) / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/memp_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file TCP internal implementations (do not use in application code) / Copyright
(c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se>
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/tcp_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file TCPIP API internal implementations (do not use in application code) /
Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer Science. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels
<adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/priv/tcpip_priv.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file AutoIP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2007 Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Author: Dominik Spies
<kontakt@dspies.de> This is a AutoIP implementation for the lwIP TCP/IP stack.
It aims to conform with RFC 3927. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/autoip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DHCP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Leon Woestenberg
<leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The
Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@gmx.net> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/dhcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file DNS - host name to IP address resolver. / Port to lwIP from uIP by Jim
Pettinato April 2007 security fixes and more by Simon Goldschmidt uIP version
Copyright (c) 2002-2003, Adam Dunkels. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/dns.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ARP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/etharp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute
of Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/ethernet.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ICMP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/icmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ICMP6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/icmp6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IGMP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/igmp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/ip.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv4 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/ip4.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file IPv6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/ip6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file MLD6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/mld6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file ND6 protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/nd6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file TCP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/tcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file UDP protocol definitions / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of
Computer Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/lwip/prot/udp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet input function - handles INCOMING ethernet level traffic To be
used in most low-level netif implementations / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish
Institute of Computer Science. Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg
<leon.woestenberg@axon.tv> Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The
Netherlands. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ethernet.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN output for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer addressing.
Fragments packets to 6LowPAN units. / Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/lowpan6.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN options list / Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/lowpan6_opts.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SLIP netif API / Copyright (c) 2001, Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the
Institute nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. Author: Adam Dunkels <adam@sics.se> /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/slipif.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ccp.h - Definitions for PPP Compression Control Protocol. Copyright (c)
1994-2002 Paul Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
The name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id:
ccp.h,v 1.12 2004/11/04 10:02:26 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ccp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap-md5.h - New CHAP/MD5 implementation. Copyright (c) 2003 Paul Mackerras. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The name(s) of the
authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without prior written permission. 3. Redistributions of any
form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS
SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/chap-md5.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap-new.c - New CHAP implementation. Copyright (c) 2003 Paul Mackerras. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The name(s) of the
authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without prior written permission. 3. Redistributions of any
form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS
SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/chap-new.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/chap-new.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap_ms.h - Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol definitions. Copyright
(c) 1995 Eric Rosenquist. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of
this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: chap_ms.h,v 1.13 2004/11/15 22:13:26 paulus
Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/chap_ms.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eap.h - Extensible Authentication Protocol for PPP (RFC 2284) Copyright (c) 2001
by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. Non-exclusive rights to
redistribute, modify, translate, and use this software in source and binary
forms, in whole or in part, is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice is duplicated in any source form, and that neither the name of the
copyright holder nor the author is used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Original version by James
Carlson $Id: eap.h,v 1.2 2003/06/11 23:56:26 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/eap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ecp.h - Definitions for PPP Encryption Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 2002
Google, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of
this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: ecp.h,v 1.2 2003/01/10 07:12:36 fcusack Exp $
/

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ecp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eui64.h - EUI64 routines for IPv6CP. Copyright (c) 1999 Tommi Komulainen. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Tommi Komulainen <Tommi.Komulainen@iki.fi>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: eui64.h,v 1.6 2002/12/04
23:03:32 paulus Exp $

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/eui64.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

fsm.h - {Link, IP} Control Protocol Finite State Machine definitions. Copyright
(c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
"Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For permission or
any legal details, please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon
University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax:
(412) 268-7395 tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: fsm.h,v 1.10 2004/11/13
02:28:15 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/fsm.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ipcp.h - IP Control Protocol definitions. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie
Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: ipcp.h,v 1.14 2002/12/04
23:03:32 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ipcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ipv6cp.h - PPP IPV6 Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1999 Tommi Komulainen. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Tommi Komulainen <Tommi.Komulainen@iki.fi>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. / Original version, based on
RFC2023 : Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997 Francis.Dupont@inria.fr, INRIA
Rocquencourt, Alain.Durand@imag.fr, IMAG, Jean-Luc.Richier@imag.fr, IMAG-LSR.
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Francis.Dupont@inria.fr, GIE DYADE,
Alain.Durand@imag.fr, IMAG, Jean-Luc.Richier@imag.fr, IMAG-LSR. Ce travail a
été fait au sein du GIE DYADE (Groupement d'Intérêt Économique ayant pour
membres BULL S.A. et l'INRIA). Ce logiciel informatique est disponible aux
conditions usuelles dans la recherche, c'est-à-dire qu'il peut être utilisé,
copié, modifié, distribué à l'unique condition que ce texte soit conservé
afin que l'origine de ce logiciel soit reconnue. Le nom de l'Institut National
de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique (INRIA), de l'IMAG, ou d'une
personne morale ou physique ayant participé à l'élaboration de ce logiciel ne
peut être utilisé sans son accord préalable explicite. Ce logiciel est fourni
tel quel sans aucune garantie, support ou responsabilité d'aucune sorte. Ce
logiciel est dérivé de sources d'origine "University of California at
Berkeley" et "Digital Equipment Corporation" couvertes par des copyrights.
L'Institut d'Informatique et de Mathématiques Appliquées de Grenoble (IMAG)
est une fédération d'unités mixtes de recherche du CNRS, de l'Institut
National Polytechnique de Grenoble et de l'Université Joseph Fourier regroupant
sept laboratoires dont le laboratoire Logiciels, Systèmes, Réseaux (LSR). This
work has been done in the context of GIE DYADE (joint R & D venture between BULL
S.A. and INRIA). This software is available with usual "research" terms with the
aim of retain credits of the software. Permission to use, copy, modify and
distribute this software for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies, and the name of INRIA, IMAG, or any contributor not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to this material without the prior explicit
permission. The software is provided "as is" without any warranties, support or
liabilities of any kind. This software is derived from source code from
"University of California at Berkeley" and "Digital Equipment Corporation"
protected by copyrights. Grenoble's Institute of Computer Science and Applied
Mathematics (IMAG) is a federation of seven research units funded by the CNRS,
National Polytechnic Institute of Grenoble and University Joseph Fourier. The
research unit in Software, Systems, Networks (LSR) is member of IMAG. Derived
from : ipcp.h - IP Control Protocol definitions. Copyright (c) 1984-2000
Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
"Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For permission or
any legal details, please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon
University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax:
(412) 268-7395 tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: ipv6cp.h,v 1.7 2002/12/04
23:03:32 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ipv6cp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

lcp.h - Link Control Protocol definitions. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie
Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: lcp.h,v 1.20 2004/11/14
22:53:42 carlsonj Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/lcp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

magic.h - PPP Magic Number definitions. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: magic.h,v 1.5 2003/06/11
23:56:26 paulus Exp $ / randm.h - Random number generator header file. Copyright
(c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. Copyright (c) 1998
Global Election Systems Inc. The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any
purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and
that this notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any
distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any
of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc
Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 98-05-29 Guy Lancaster <glanca@gesn.com>,
Global Election Systems Inc. Extracted from avos.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/magic.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

mppe.h - Definitions for MPPE Copyright (c) 2008 Paul Mackerras. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software must not be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior
written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the
following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by Paul
Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/mppe.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ppp.h - Network Point to Point Protocol header file. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. portions Copyright (c) 1997 Global
Election Systems Inc. The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify,
distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any purpose,
provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that
this notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any
distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any
of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc
Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 97-11-05 Guy Lancaster <glanca@gesn.com>,
Global Election Systems Inc. Original derived from BSD codes.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/ppp_impl.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

pppcrypt.c - PPP/DES linkage for MS-CHAP and EAP SRP-SHA1 Extracted from
chap_ms.c by James Carlson. Copyright (c) 1995 Eric Rosenquist. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software must not be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior
written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppcrypt.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppcrypt.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

pppdebug.h - System debugging utilities. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher,
Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. portions Copyright (c) 1998 Global Election
Systems Inc. portions Copyright (c) 2001 by Cognizant Pty Ltd. The authors
hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this
software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright
notices are retained in all copies and that this notice and the following
disclaimer are included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement,
license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY (please don't use tabs!) 03-01-01 Marc Boucher
<marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 98-07-29 Guy Lancaster <lancasterg@acm.org>,
Global Election Systems Inc. Original.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppdebug.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

pppoe.h - PPP Over Ethernet implementation for lwIP. Copyright (c) 2006 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. The authors hereby grant permission
to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its
documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are
retained in all copies and that this notice and the following disclaimer are
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 06-01-01 Marc Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to
lwIP. based on NetBSD: if_pppoe.c,v 1.64 2006/01/31 23:50:15 martin Exp /
Copyright (c) 2002 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved. This code is
derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation by Martin Husemann
<martin@NetBSD.org>. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features
or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: This product
includes software developed by the NetBSD Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.
4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD
FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppoe.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Point to Point Protocol over Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol header
file. / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppol2tp.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Point to Point Protocol over Serial header file. / Redistribution
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/pppos.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

upap.h - User/Password Authentication Protocol definitions. Copyright (c)
1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
"Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For permission or
any legal details, please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon
University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax:
(412) 268-7395 tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: upap.h,v 1.8 2002/12/04
23:03:33 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/upap.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Definitions for tcp compression routines. $Id: vj.h,v 1.7 2010/02/22 17:52:09
goldsimon Exp $ Copyright (c) 1989 Regents of the University of California. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in
all such forms and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other
materials related to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was
developed by the University of California, Berkeley. The name of the University
may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS''
AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Van Jacobson (van@helios.ee.lbl.gov), Dec 31, 1989: - Initial distribution. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/vj.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file arc4.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/arc4.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file des.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/des.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file md4.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/md4.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file md5.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/md5.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

\file sha1.h Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright
(C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at polarssl dot org> All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or XySSL nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/netif/ppp/polarssl/sha1.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file is a posix wrapper for lwip/errno.h. / Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/posix/errno.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file is a posix wrapper for lwip/netdb.h. / Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/posix/netdb.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file This file is a posix wrapper for lwip/sockets.h. / Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/include/posix/sys/socket.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Ethernet common functions @defgroup ethernet Ethernet @ingroup
callbackstyle_api / Copyright (c) 2001-2003 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Leon Woestenberg <leon.woestenberg@axon.tv>
Copyright (c) 2003-2004 Axon Digital Design B.V., The Netherlands. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ethernet.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file 6LowPAN output for IPv6. Uses ND tables for link-layer addressing.
Fragments packets to 6LowPAN units. / Copyright (c) 2015 Inico Technologies Ltd.
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP
stack. Author: Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> Please coordinate changes
and requests with Ivan Delamer <delamer@inicotech.com> / @defgroup sixlowpan
6LowPAN netif @ingroup addons 6LowPAN netif implementation /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/lowpan6.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file SLIP Interface / Copyright (c) 2001-2004 Swedish Institute of Computer
Science. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the
Institute nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is built
upon the file: src/arch/rtxc/netif/sioslip.c Author: Magnus Ivarsson
<magnus.ivarsson(at)volvo.com> Simon Goldschmidt / @defgroup slipif SLIP netif
@ingroup addons This is an arch independent SLIP netif. The specific serial
hooks must be provided by another file. They are sio_open, sio_read/sio_tryread
and sio_send Usage: This netif can be used in three ways:\n 1) For NO_SYS0, an
RX thread can be used which blocks on sio_read() until data is received.\n 2) In
your main loop, call slipif_poll() to check for new RX bytes, completed packets
are fed into netif->input().\n 3) Call slipif_received_byte[s]() from your
serial RX ISR and slipif_process_rxqueue() from your main loop. ISR level
decodes packets and puts completed packets on a queue which is fed into the
stack from the main loop (needs SYS_LIGHTWEIGHT_PROT for pbuf_alloc to work on
ISR level!). /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/slipif.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

auth.c - PPP authentication and phase control. Copyright (c) 1993-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Derived
from main.c, which is: Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon University. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon University" must
not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
prior written permission. For permission or any legal details, please contact
Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395 tech-
transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain
the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by
Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/auth.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ccp.c - PPP Compression Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1994-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ccp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap-md5.c - New CHAP/MD5 implementation. Copyright (c) 2003 Paul Mackerras. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The name(s) of the
authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without prior written permission. 3. Redistributions of any
form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS
SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/chap-md5.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

chap_ms.c - Microsoft MS-CHAP compatible implementation. Copyright (c) 1995 Eric
Rosenquist. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of
this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. / Modifications by Lauri Pesonen /
lpesonen@clinet.fi, april 1997 Implemented LANManager type password response to
MS-CHAP challenges. Now pppd provides both NT style and LANMan style blocks, and
the prefered is set by option "ms-lanman". Default is to use NT. The hash text
(StdText) was taken from Win95 RASAPI32.DLL. You should also use
DOMAIN\\USERNAME as described in README.MSCHAP80 / Modifications by Frank
Cusack, frank@google.com, March 2002. Implemented MS-CHAPv2 functionality,
heavily based on sample implementation in RFC 2759. Implemented MPPE
functionality, heavily based on sample implementation in RFC 3079. Copyright (c)
2002 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of
this software must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/chap_ms.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

demand.c - Support routines for demand-dialling. Copyright (c) 1996-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/demand.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [EPL-1.0] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eap.c - Extensible Authentication Protocol for PPP (RFC 2284) Copyright (c) 2001
by Sun Microsystems, Inc. All rights reserved. Non-exclusive rights to
redistribute, modify, translate, and use this software in source and binary
forms, in whole or in part, is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice is duplicated in any source form, and that neither the name of the
copyright holder nor the author is used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Original version by James
Carlson This implementation of EAP supports MD5-Challenge and SRP-SHA1
authentication styles. Note that support of MD5-Challenge is a requirement of
RFC 2284, and that it's essentially just a reimplementation of regular RFC 1994
CHAP using EAP messages. As an authenticator ("server"), there are multiple
phases for each style. In the first phase of each style, the unauthenticated
peer name is queried using the EAP Identity request type. If the "remotename"
option is used, then this phase is skipped, because the peer's name is presumed
to be known. For MD5-Challenge, there are two phases, and the second phase
consists of sending the challenge itself and handling the associated response.
For SRP-SHA1, there are four phases. The second sends 's', 'N', and 'g'. The
reply contains 'A'. The third sends 'B', and the reply contains 'M1'. The forth
sends the 'M2' value. As an authenticatee ("client"), there's just a single
phase responding to the queries generated by the peer. EAP is an authenticator-
driven protocol. Based on draft-ietf-pppext-eap-srp-03.txt. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/eap.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ecp.c - PPP Encryption Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 2002 Google, Inc. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Derived from ccp.c, which is: Copyright (c)
1994-2002 Paul Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
The name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ecp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

eui64.c - EUI64 routines for IPv6CP. Copyright (c) 1999 Tommi Komulainen. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Tommi Komulainen <Tommi.Komulainen@iki.fi>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: eui64.c,v 1.6 2002/12/04
23:03:32 paulus Exp $ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/eui64.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

fsm.c - {Link, IP} Control Protocol Finite State Machine. Copyright (c)
1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
"Carnegie Mellon University" must not be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without prior written permission. For permission or
any legal details, please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon
University 5000 Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax:
(412) 268-7395 tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/fsm.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ipcp.c - PPP IP Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ipcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ipv6cp.c - PPP IPV6 Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1999 Tommi Komulainen. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. The name(s) of the authors of this software
must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without prior written permission. 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Tommi Komulainen <Tommi.Komulainen@iki.fi>". THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. / Original version, based on
RFC2023 : Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997 Francis.Dupont@inria.fr, INRIA
Rocquencourt, Alain.Durand@imag.fr, IMAG, Jean-Luc.Richier@imag.fr, IMAG-LSR.
Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Francis.Dupont@inria.fr, GIE DYADE,
Alain.Durand@imag.fr, IMAG, Jean-Luc.Richier@imag.fr, IMAG-LSR. Ce travail a
été fait au sein du GIE DYADE (Groupement d'Intérêt Économique ayant pour
membres BULL S.A. et l'INRIA). Ce logiciel informatique est disponible aux
conditions usuelles dans la recherche, c'est-à-dire qu'il peut être utilisé,
copié, modifié, distribué à l'unique condition que ce texte soit conservé
afin que l'origine de ce logiciel soit reconnue. Le nom de l'Institut National
de Recherche en Informatique et en Automatique (INRIA), de l'IMAG, ou d'une
personne morale ou physique ayant participé à l'élaboration de ce logiciel ne
peut être utilisé sans son accord préalable explicite. Ce logiciel est fourni
tel quel sans aucune garantie, support ou responsabilité d'aucune sorte. Ce
logiciel est dérivé de sources d'origine "University of California at
Berkeley" et "Digital Equipment Corporation" couvertes par des copyrights.
L'Institut d'Informatique et de Mathématiques Appliquées de Grenoble (IMAG)
est une fédération d'unités mixtes de recherche du CNRS, de l'Institut
National Polytechnique de Grenoble et de l'Université Joseph Fourier regroupant
sept laboratoires dont le laboratoire Logiciels, Systèmes, Réseaux (LSR). This
work has been done in the context of GIE DYADE (joint R & D venture between BULL
S.A. and INRIA). This software is available with usual "research" terms with the
aim of retain credits of the software. Permission to use, copy, modify and
distribute this software for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies, and the name of INRIA, IMAG, or any contributor not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to this material without the prior explicit
permission. The software is provided "as is" without any warranties, support or
liabilities of any kind. This software is derived from source code from
"University of California at Berkeley" and "Digital Equipment Corporation"
protected by copyrights. Grenoble's Institute of Computer Science and Applied
Mathematics (IMAG) is a federation of seven research units funded by the CNRS,
National Polytechnic Institute of Grenoble and University Joseph Fourier. The
research unit in Software, Systems, Networks (LSR) is member of IMAG. Derived
from : ipcp.c - PPP IP Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. $Id: ipv6cp.c,v 1.21 2005/08/25
23:59:34 paulus Exp $ / @todo: Proxy Neighbour Discovery. Better defines for
selecting the ordering of interface up / set address. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ipv6cp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

lcp.c - PPP Link Control Protocol. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/lcp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

magic.c - PPP Magic Number routines. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie Mellon
University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. / randm.c - Random number
generator program file. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc Boucher, Services
Informatiques (MBSI) inc. Copyright (c) 1998 by Global Election Systems Inc. The
authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license
this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that existing
copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice and the
following disclaimer are included verbatim in any distributions. No written
agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to
lwIP. 98-06-03 Guy Lancaster <lancasterg@acm.org>, Global Election Systems Inc.
Extracted from avos.

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/magic.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 [Google] 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

mppe.c - interface MPPE to the PPP code. By Frank Cusack <fcusack@fcusack.com>.
Copyright (c) 2002,2003,2004 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. License:
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
appears in all copies. This software is provided without any warranty, express
or implied. Changelog: 08/12/05 - Matt Domsch <Matt_Domsch@dell.com> Only need
extra skb padding on transmit, not receive. 06/18/04 - Matt Domsch
<Matt_Domsch@dell.com>, Oleg Makarenko <mole@quadra.ru> Use Linux kernel 2.6
arc4 and sha1 routines rather than providing our own. 2/15/04 - TS: added
include <version.h> and testing for Kernel version before using
MOD_DEC_USAGE_COUNT/MOD_INC_USAGE_COUNT which are deprecated in 2.6 /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/mppe.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

multilink.c - support routines for multilink. Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/multilink.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

ppp.c - Network Point to Point Protocol program file. Copyright (c) 2003 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. portions Copyright (c) 1997 by
Global Election Systems Inc. The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and license this software and its documentation for any
purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and
that this notice and the following disclaimer are included verbatim in any
distributions. No written agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any
of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 03-01-01 Marc
Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to lwIP. 97-11-05 Guy Lancaster
<lancasterg@acm.org>, Global Election Systems Inc. Original. ppp_defs.h - PPP
definitions. if_pppvar.h - private structures and declarations for PPP.
Copyright (c) 1994 The Australian National University. All rights reserved.
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice
appears in all copies. This software is provided without any warranty, express
or implied. The Australian National University makes no representations about
the suitability of this software for any purpose. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAVE
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE AUSTRALIAN NATIONAL
UNIVERSITY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUSTRALIAN
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES,
ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS. / if_ppp.h - Point-to-Point Protocol
definitions. Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie Mellon University. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted provided that
the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in all such forms
and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other materials related
to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was developed by
Carnegie Mellon University. The name of the University may not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. / @defgroup ppp PPP netif
@ingroup addons @verbinclude "ppp.txt" /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/ppp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Point To Point Protocol Sequential API module / Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppapi.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

pppoe.c - PPP Over Ethernet implementation for lwIP. Copyright (c) 2006 by Marc
Boucher, Services Informatiques (MBSI) inc. The authors hereby grant permission
to use, copy, modify, distribute, and license this software and its
documentation for any purpose, provided that existing copyright notices are
retained in all copies and that this notice and the following disclaimer are
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE CONTRIBUTORS AS IS AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. REVISION HISTORY 06-01-01 Marc Boucher <marc@mbsi.ca> Ported to
lwIP. based on NetBSD: if_pppoe.c,v 1.64 2006/01/31 23:50:15 martin Exp /
Copyright (c) 2002 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved. This code is
derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation by Martin Husemann
<martin@NetBSD.org>. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features
or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement: This product
includes software developed by the NetBSD Foundation, Inc. and its contributors.
4. Neither the name of The NetBSD Foundation nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD
FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppoe.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Point to Point Protocol over Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol program
file. / Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. The name of the author may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. / L2TP Support
status: Supported: - L2TPv2 (PPP over L2TP, a.k.a. UDP tunnels) - LAC Not
supported: - LNS (require PPP server support) - L2TPv3 ethernet pseudowires -
L2TPv3 VLAN pseudowire - L2TPv3 PPP pseudowires - L2TPv3 IP encapsulation -
L2TPv3 IP pseudowire - L2TP tunnel switching - http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-
ietf-l2tpext-tunnel-switching-08 - Multiple tunnels per UDP socket, as well as
multiple sessions per tunnel - Hidden AVPs /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppol2tp.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

@file Network Point to Point Protocol over Serial file. / Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name
of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This file is part
of the lwIP TCP/IP stack. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/pppos.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

upap.c - User/Password Authentication Protocol. Copyright (c) 1984-2000 Carnegie
Mellon University. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. The name "Carnegie Mellon
University" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without prior written permission. For permission or any legal details,
please contact Office of Technology Transfer Carnegie Mellon University 5000
Forbes Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15213-3890 (412) 268-4387, fax: (412) 268-7395
tech-transfer@andrew.cmu.edu 4. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must
retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
by Computing Services at Carnegie Mellon University
(http://www.cmu.edu/computing/)." CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL CARNEGIE MELLON UNIVERSITY BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/upap.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

utils.c - various utility functions used in pppd. Copyright (c) 1999-2002 Paul
Mackerras. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. The
name(s) of the authors of this software must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. 3.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by Paul Mackerras <paulus@samba.org>".
THE AUTHORS OF THIS SOFTWARE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/utils.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Routines to compress and uncompess tcp packets (for transmission over low speed
serial lines. Copyright (c) 1989 Regents of the University of California. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms are permitted
provided that the above copyright notice and this paragraph are duplicated in
all such forms and that any documentation, advertising materials, and other
materials related to such distribution and use acknowledge that the software was
developed by the University of California, Berkeley. The name of the University
may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS''
AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Van Jacobson (van@helios.ee.lbl.gov), Dec 31, 1989: Initial distribution.
Modified June 1993 by Paul Mackerras, paulus@cs.anu.edu.au, so that the entire
packet being decompressed doesn't have to be in contiguous memory (just the
compressed header). Modified March 1998 by Guy Lancaster, glanca@gesn.com, for a
16 bit processor. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/vj.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

An implementation of the ARCFOUR algorithm Based on XySSL: Copyright (C)
2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer
at polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / The ARCFOUR
algorithm was publicly disclosed on 94/09.
http://groups.google.com/group/sci.crypt/msg/10a300c9d21afca0 /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/arc4.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

FIPS-46-3 compliant Triple-DES implementation Based on XySSL: Copyright (C)
2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer
at polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / DES, on which
TDES is based, was originally designed by Horst Feistel at IBM in 1974, and was
adopted as a standard by NIST (formerly NBS).
http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/fips/fips46-3/fips46-3.pdf /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/des.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

RFC 1186/1320 compliant MD4 implementation Based on XySSL: Copyright (C)
2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer
at polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / The MD4 algorithm
was designed by Ron Rivest in 1990. http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1186.txt
http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1320.txt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/md4.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

RFC 1321 compliant MD5 implementation Based on XySSL: Copyright (C) 2006-2008
Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer at
polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / The MD5 algorithm
was designed by Ron Rivest in 1991. http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1321.txt /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/md5.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

FIPS-180-1 compliant SHA-1 implementation Based on XySSL: Copyright (C)
2006-2008 Christophe Devine Copyright (C) 2009 Paul Bakker <polarssl_maintainer
at polarssl dot org> All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the names of PolarSSL or
XySSL nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / The SHA-1
standard was published by NIST in 1993.
http://www.itl.nist.gov/fipspubs/fip180-1.htm /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/lwip202/src/lwip-2.0.2/src/netif/ppp/polarssl/sha1.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/elf_loader.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/firmware.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/open_amp.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/rpmsg_core.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/rsc_table_parser.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/elf_loader.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/remoteproc_loader.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/rsc_table_parser.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Remote remote_proc Framework Copyright(c) 2011 Texas Instruments, Inc.
Copyright(c) 2011 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in
source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the
name Texas Instruments nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/remoteproc.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME remoteproc_loader.h
COMPONENT OpenAMP stack. DESCRIPTION This file provides definitions for
remoteproc loader /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/remoteproc_loader.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. 3. Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the
names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/env.h
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/remoteproc.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Remote processor messaging Copyright (C) 2011 Texas Instruments, Inc. Copyright
(C) 2011 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2016 Freescale
Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the name Texas
Instruments nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/rpmsg.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

This header is BSD licensed so anyone can use the definitions to implement
compatible drivers/servers. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of IBM nor
the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL IBM OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. $FreeBSD$ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/virtio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright Rusty Russell IBM Corporation 2007. This header is BSD licensed so
anyone can use the definitions to implement compatible drivers/servers.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of IBM nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL IBM OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. $FreeBSD$ /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/virtio_ring.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. Copyright
(c) 2016 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither
the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME sh_mem.c COMPONENT IPC Stack for uAMP systems.
DESCRIPTION Header file for fixed buffer size memory management service.
Currently it is being used to manage shared memory. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/include/openamp/sh_mem.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME zynqmp_remoteproc_r5.c
DESCRIPTION This file is the Implementation of IPC hardware layer interface for
Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC system. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/drivers/linux_remoteproc.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/drivers/zynqmp_remoteproc_r5.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME platform.c DESCRIPTION
This file is the Implementation of IPC hardware layer interface for Xilinx Zynq
ZC702EVK platform. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/drivers/zynq_remoteproc_a9.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/remoteproc/drivers/zynqmp_remoteproc_a53.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. Copyright
(c) 2016 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither
the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME rpmsg.c COMPONENT OpenAMP stack. DESCRIPTION Main
file for the RPMSG driver. This file implements APIs as defined by RPMSG
documentation(Linux docs) and also provides some utility functions. RPMSG driver
represents each processor/core to which it communicates with remote_device
control block. Each remote device(processor) defines its role in the
communication i.e whether it is RPMSG Master or Remote. If the device(processor)
to which driver is talking is RPMSG master then RPMSG driver implicitly behaves
as Remote and vice versa. RPMSG Master is responsible for initiating
communications with the Remote and shared buffers management. Terms remote
device/core/proc are used interchangeably for the processor to which RPMSG
driver is communicating irrespective of the fact whether it is RPMSG Remote or
Master. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/rpmsg/rpmsg.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. All rights
reserved. Copyright (c) 2016 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME remote_device.c COMPONENT
OpenAMP Stack DESCRIPTION This file provides services to manage the remote
devices.It also implements the interface defined by the virtio and provides few
other utility functions. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/rpmsg/remote_device.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. All rights
reserved. Copyright (c) 2016 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME rpmsg_core.c COMPONENT
OpenAMP DESCRIPTION This file provides the core functionality of RPMSG messaging
part like message parsing ,Rx/Tx callbacks handling , channel creation/deletion
and address management. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/rpmsg/rpmsg_core.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2011, Bryan Venteicher <bryanv@FreeBSD.org> All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice unmodified, this list of
conditions, and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/virtio/virtio.c
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/virtio/virtqueue.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME firmware.c COMPONENT
OpenAMP stack. DESCRIPTION /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/common/firmware.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3.
Neither the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME hil.c COMPONENT OpenAMP
Stack. DESCRIPTION This file is implementation of generic part of HIL. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/common/hil.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------





COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright (c) 2014, Mentor Graphics Corporation All rights reserved. Copyright
(c) 2016 Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither
the name of Mentor Graphics Corporation nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. / FILE NAME sh_mem.c COMPONENT OpenAMP stack. DESCRIPTION Source
file for fixed buffer size memory management service. Currently it is only being
used to manage shared memory. /

FILES:
ThirdParty/sw_services/openamp/src/open-amp/lib/common/sh_mem.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 


COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

putnum.c -- put a hex number on the output device. Copyright (c) 1995 Cygnus
Support The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that
existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice is
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this
software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing
terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the
first page of each file where they apply. / putnum -- print a 32 bit number in
hex / Include Files /

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/common/putnum.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

Copyright DornerWorks 2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/arm64_ops.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/hypercall.h
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen_events.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



   

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

xen.h Guest OS interface to Xen. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge,
to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Copyright (c) 2004, K A Fraser /
Copyright DornerWorks 2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



   

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

(C) 2006 - Grzegorz Milos - Cambridge University File: console.h Author:
Grzegorz Milos Changes: Date: Mar 2006 Environment: Xen Minimal OS Description:
Console interface. Handles console I/O. Defines printk. Permission is hereby
granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. /
Copyright DornerWorks 2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen_console.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

xen_console.h Created on: Sep 14, 2016 Author: jarvis / Copyright DornerWorks
2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen_console.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



  

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

xen_events.h Created on: Sep 14, 2016 Author: jarvis / Copyright DornerWorks
2016 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
DORNERWORKS FOR USE ON THE CONTRACTED PROJECT, AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTY IS LIMITED TO THIS USE. FOR ALL OTHER USES THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL DORNERWORKS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/arm/ARMv8/64bit/xpvxenconsole/xen_events.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

print.c -- print a string on the output device. Copyright (c) 1995 Cygnus
Support The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that
existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and that this notice is
included verbatim in any distributions. No written agreement, license, or
royalty fee is required for any of the authorized uses. Modifications to this
software may be copyrighted by their authors and need not follow the licensing
terms described here, provided that the new terms are clearly indicated on the
first page of each file where they apply. / print -- do a raw print of a string
/

FILES:
lib/bsp/standalone/src/common/print.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
FatFs - FAT file system module R0.10b (C)ChaN, 2014
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
FatFs module is a generic FAT file system module for small embedded systems.
This is a free software that opened for education, research and commercial
developments under license policy of following terms. Copyright (C) 2014, ChaN,
all right reserved. The FatFs module is a free software and there is NO
WARRANTY. No restriction on use. You can use, modify and redistribute it for
personal, non-profit or commercial products UNDER YOUR RESPONSIBILITY.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Feb 26,'06 R0.00 Prototype. Apr 29,'06 R0.01 First stable version. Jun 01,'06
R0.02 Added FAT12 support. Removed unbuffered mode. Fixed a problem on small
(<32M) partition. Jun 10,'06 R0.02a Added a configuration option (_FS_MINIMUM).
Sep 22,'06 R0.03 Added f_rename(). Changed option _FS_MINIMUM to _FS_MINIMIZE.
Dec 11,'06 R0.03a Improved cluster scan algorithm to write files fast. Fixed
f_mkdir() creates incorrect directory on FAT32. Feb 04,'07 R0.04 Supported
multiple drive system. Changed some interfaces for multiple drive system.
Changed f_mountdrv() to f_mount(). Added f_mkfs(). Apr 01,'07 R0.04a Supported
multiple partitions on a physical drive. Added a capability of extending file
size to f_lseek(). Added minimization level 3. Fixed an endian sensitive code in
f_mkfs(). May 05,'07 R0.04b Added a configuration option _USE_NTFLAG. Added
FSINFO support. Fixed DBCS name can result FR_INVALID_NAME. Fixed short seek (<
csize) collapses the file object. Aug 25,'07 R0.05 Changed arguments of
f_read(), f_write() and f_mkfs(). Fixed f_mkfs() on FAT32 creates incorrect
FSINFO. Fixed f_mkdir() on FAT32 creates incorrect directory. Feb 03,'08 R0.05a
Added f_truncate() and f_utime(). Fixed off by one error at FAT sub-type
determination. Fixed btr in f_read() can be mistruncated. Fixed cached sector is
not flushed when create and close without write. Apr 01,'08 R0.06 Added fputc(),
fputs(), fprintf() and fgets(). Improved performance of f_lseek() on moving to
the same or following cluster. Apr 01,'09 R0.07 Merged Tiny-FatFs as a
configuration option. (_FS_TINY) Added long file name feature. Added multiple
code page feature. Added re-entrancy for multitask operation. Added auto cluster
size selection to f_mkfs(). Added rewind option to f_readdir(). Changed result
code of critical errors. Renamed string functions to avoid name collision. Apr
14,'09 R0.07a Separated out OS dependent code on reentrant cfg. Added multiple
sector size feature. Jun 21,'09 R0.07c Fixed f_unlink() can return FR_OK on
error. Fixed wrong cache control in f_lseek(). Added relative path feature.
Added f_chdir() and f_chdrive(). Added proper case conversion to extended
character. Nov 03,'09 R0.07e Separated out configuration options from ff.h to
ffconf.h. Fixed f_unlink() fails to remove a sub-directory on _FS_RPATH. Fixed
name matching error on the 13 character boundary. Added a configuration option,
_LFN_UNICODE. Changed f_readdir() to return the SFN with always upper case on
non-LFN cfg. May 15,'10 R0.08 Added a memory configuration option. (_USE_LFN 3)
Added file lock feature. (_FS_SHARE) Added fast seek feature. (_USE_FASTSEEK)
Changed some types on the API, XCHAR->TCHAR. Changed .fname in the FILINFO
structure on Unicode cfg. String functions support UTF-8 encoding files on
Unicode cfg. Aug 16,'10 R0.08a Added f_getcwd(). Added sector erase feature.
(_USE_ERASE) Moved file lock semaphore table from fs object to the bss. Fixed a
wrong directory entry is created on non-LFN cfg when the given name contains
';'. Fixed f_mkfs() creates wrong FAT32 volume. Jan 15,'11 R0.08b Fast seek
feature is also applied to f_read() and f_write(). f_lseek() reports required
table size on creating CLMP. Extended format syntax of f_printf(). Ignores
duplicated directory separators in given path name. Sep 06,'11 R0.09 f_mkfs()
supports multiple partition to complete the multiple partition feature. Added
f_fdisk(). Aug 27,'12 R0.09a Changed f_open() and f_opendir() reject null object
pointer to avoid crash. Changed option name _FS_SHARE to _FS_LOCK. Fixed
assertion failure due to OS/2 EA on FAT12/16 volume. Jan 24,'13 R0.09b Added
f_setlabel() and f_getlabel(). Oct 02,'13 R0.10 Added selection of character
encoding on the file. (_STRF_ENCODE) Added f_closedir(). Added forced full FAT
scan for f_getfree(). (_FS_NOFSINFO) Added forced mount feature with changes of
f_mount(). Improved behavior of volume auto detection. Improved write throughput
of f_puts() and f_printf(). Changed argument of f_chdrive(), f_mkfs(),
disk_read() and disk_write(). Fixed f_write() can be truncated when the file
size is close to 4GB. Fixed f_open(), f_mkdir() and f_setlabel() can return
incorrect error code. Jan 15,'14 R0.10a Added arbitrary strings as drive number
in the path name. (_STR_VOLUME_ID) Added a configuration option of minimum
sector size. (_MIN_SS) 2nd argument of f_rename() can have a drive number and it
will be ignored. Fixed f_mount() with forced mount fails when drive number is >
1. Fixed f_close() invalidates the file object without volume lock. Fixed
f_closedir() returns but the volume lock is left acquired. Fixed creation of an
entry with LFN fails on too many SFN collisions. May 19,'14 R0.10b Fixed a hard
error in the disk I/O layer can collapse the directory entry. Fixed LFN entry is
not deleted on delete/rename an object with lossy converted SFN.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------/
MODIFICATION HISTORY: Ver Who Date Changes ----- ---- -------- 3.9 mn 04/18/18
Resolve build warnings for xilffs library

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/ff.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------/
Unicode - OEM code bidirectional converter (C)ChaN, 2009 / / CP932 (Japanese
Shift-JIS) /
------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/cc932.c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------/ Low
level disk interface modlue include file (C)ChaN, 2014 /
-----------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/include/diskio.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------/
FatFs - FAT file system module include file R0.10b (C)ChaN, 2014
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/
FatFs module is a generic FAT file system module for small embedded systems.
This is a free software that opened for education, research and commercial
developments under license policy of following terms. Copyright (C) 2014, ChaN,
all right reserved. The FatFs module is a free software and there is NO
WARRANTY. No restriction on use. You can use, modify and redistribute it for
personal, non-profit or commercial product UNDER YOUR RESPONSIBILITY.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/include/ff.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 

COPYRIGHT TEXT:
---------------

---------------------------------------------------------------------------/
FatFs - FAT file system module configuration file R0.10b (C)ChaN, 2014
---------------------------------------------------------------------------/

FILES:
lib/sw_services/xilffs/src/include/ffconf.h
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


